GIT Homework 1

To complete the assignment, you must have GitBash installed for Windows and have created an account on GitHub.

Execute all steps of the script in the GitBash or Terminal in a folder under Git.

How to submit the homework for review:
1. Create a text file like in the first Terminal homework.
2. Transfer the script into this file.
3. Write the command in GitBash next to each action.

Send the script file and the link to your GitHub repository to the mentors for review.

JSON
4. Create an external repository named JSON.
5. Clone the JSON repository to the local computer.
6. Inside the local JSON, create a file named "new.json".
7. Add the file under Git.
8. Commit the file.
9. Send the file to the external GitHub repository.
10. Edit the contents of the "new.json" file - write information about yourself (full name, age, number of pets, desired future salary). Write everything in JSON format.
11. Send the changes to the external repository.
12. Create the "preferences.json" file.
13. In the "preferences.json" file, add information about your preferences (favorite movie, favorite TV show, favorite food, favorite season, side of the world you would like to visit) in JSON format.
14. Create the "skills.json" file and add information about the skills that will be learned in the course in JSON format.
15. Send both files to the external repository.
16. On the web interface, create the "bug_report.json" file.
17. Commit changes to save the changes on the web interface.
18. Modify the "bug_report.json" file on the web interface by adding a bug report in JSON format.
19. Commit changes to save the changes on the web interface.
20. Synchronize the external and local JSON repositories.

XML
21. Create an external repository named XML.
22. Clone the XML repository to the local computer.
23. Inside the local XML, create a file named "new.xml".
24. Add the file under Git.
25. Commit the file.
26. Send the file to the external GitHub repository.
27. Edit the contents of the "new.xml" file - write information about yourself (full name, age, number of pets, desired future salary). Write everything in XML format.
28. Send the changes to the external repository.
29. Create the "preferences.xml" file.
30. In the "preferences.xml" file, add information about your preferences (favorite movie, favorite TV show, favorite food, favorite season, side of the world you would like to visit) in XML format.
31. Create the "skills.xml" file and add information about the skills that will be learned in the course in XML format.
32. Make a commit in a single line.
33. Send both files to the external repository.
34. On the web interface, create the "bug_report.xml" file.
35. Commit changes to save the changes on the web interface.
36. Modify the "bug_report.xml" file on the web interface by adding a bug report in XML format.
37. Commit changes to save the changes on the web interface.
38. Synchronize the external and local XML repositories.
